all i do is win win no matter what hello
youtubers droids HD here come at you
with kind of a funny commentary why is
this funny why why do you ask because I
was just in a random free-for-all trying
to get some clips for my latest montage
it's gonna be coming out and I heard the
sound of something beautiful boosters
tactical insertions the whole silent
shit i love it because i can get fucking
multi kills and shit so this first clip
here this isn't the whole thing this is
just the first clip that I got the last
game the game before I actually get the
gameplay and I just get a triple kill I
just wanted to show you guys that I
killed some boosters and then the next
game and then I'd out here so I like
rage quit but the very next game I get
into a free-for-all in wasteland the
same fucking people and I'm like no this
shit is not going down and I'm at first
I kind of fail and I to snipe them which
isn't really a smart idea so I think I
die I think five times before I actually
start like pissing them off and and
after I died five times I think I go on
like a 20 killstreak it's pretty insane
like cuz i try to snipe him right and
like I fail because I kept undying and I
was like all right I'll bust out
marathon and run my little booty over
there and they still freaking I don't
know I think I killed one of them and
then the other one kills me some I don't
like try to wallbang him cuz another
right there I fail I get that guy and
then this guy nice me I'm like no no I'm
done I'm done so i get a barrett to tell
anything i get a kill with yeah i don't
think i got a coat the Barrett I don't
know what happens um but yeah and then I
was like cold-blooded
echo blooded and this is where I start
like fucking owning people I just want
to talk a little bit about boosters like
on ps3 I'm a ps3 boy at heart but
there's no more boosters on that friggin
mw2 cuz uh all the challenge lobbies and
hacks and shit oh I got double kill
wallbang I was like oh get owned I was
surprised i got that cuz I cold-blooded
and I get another one I was like oh get
raped and then um yeah I don't mean kill
the Boosters after this I think I just
like get my killstreaks and let's start
fucking people up sorry about my french
um but uh yeah um like boosters there's
a lot on xbox i just came to realize
because you know friggin a tenth hacked
lobbies are pretty hard to find in this
game i can't find one I tried to a
shitload of people and they all said now
you have to pay 1600 microsoft points on
my god fuck you pardon my french again
uh-huh and but yeah so I think I don't
die until the very very last part of
this now like but I don't win this just
a nut spoil it for you guys but I don't
win this but I come so close to tying
the friggin booster guy so I decided to
post this anyway and put a commentary
over it because i haven't posted very
many commentaries lately so i decided to
do this one let's catch us kill me with
the fuck you don't try to kill some
boosters over ha ha ha and then I
actually play like a retard am I somehow
I don't die let me know how I don't die
but yeah you can just watch for yourself
but I almost get I don't know how this
isn't a double kill because I see
there's like two things are there but
I'll and then uh like I get a pavelow
and then my paypal starts tearing shit
up and then pardon my french i keep on
swearing i don't know i'm sorry i have
some form of turrets um I fail right
here with the shotgun as I up I thought
I killed him on my air strike but now
and then I get my pave low and then I I
think it i get i went 27 in four and
yeah i put my little chouchou pants all
this friggin
famas but because I wanted to actually
win this but I didn't I got kind of sad
but whatever like I I see that my pillow
is picking up Kelso's I hope shit i
might win this shit and I almost did you
know three kills off like that there
that guy right there I'm just about to
kill he's the booster and he got to 29
kills and then he was probably trying to
do like a pretty sick killcam or
whatever yeah you know but um I was like
hell fuck that I'm gonna make it as hard
as possible for you to get that good
killcam he ends up not even getting a
good kill cam it's just like a average
quick scope but i don't know if i'm
going to post very more commentaries
soon because i kind of want to work on
my montage and it's it's not gonna be
like the montages i've been posting
that's gonna be like I don't know it's
gonna be different it's gonna be like
actually good like my other montages
were decent but these ones are actually
gonna get clips i actually work hard for
like look at this kill cam look at no
boost didn't for that kill cam that's
not worth it but I go twenty six and
seven he goes 30 and 10 and I get a
better Cade even him so he can go suck a
dick but uh this has been a droids HD I
shall catch you guys next time